interesting, more complex, kind
of built out code
base. We're adding complexity
as we add capabilities
to our agent. Let's
just go ahead and
kick this off and
understand how this works.
UVR, social hype agent.
We're gonna kick off
our social hype agent
and notice here we're
passing in keywords and
then we're going to
run this dash n
which is a notification
prompt any mention of
new language model releases
any mention of hacking
prompting or educational posts
surrounding these companies okay
let's fire this off
and let's understand what's
happening here so this
is not a terminal
interface this is not
a script this is